and I got another construct Fox review
for you guys I took the liberty of
already putting them together and as you
can tell it's probably sound wave it a
sound wave I like I said I already took
the liberty of putting them together for
you guys so we don't have to go through
that hassle he was pretty much just the
same as wheeljack a box parts in a
purple box at a redbox and you get one
of these guys now this is his vehicle
mode and it's like this big frickin jet
I mean he's I mean look this this is my
hand I have a pretty big hand and he's
bigger than my hand so good size for the
money and I like I said he's just a nice
vehicle a couple of weapons that he
comes with goes on there and it just
looks really nice overall like I said
these construct bots that you build um
like I built this obviously from parts
and you can convert them and this is the
converted mode from the robot and it's
it's vehicle so right now what I'll do
is I'll convert it to the robot show you
what that is and we'll wrap the review
up all right let's go
alright guys and here's Soundwave
construct bots sound way of in robot
mode now he looks really cool actually
um I definitely like the look of a man
under that tone of the underside of the
plastic being yellow is actually really
i thought that was going to kind of like
really kill it for me but that the
plastic under there actually the yellow
color is actually really nice obviously
you can use one of the thrusters here as
his shoulder cannon and you can actually
I can't really see in there because of
the shadow but it does look like there's
like a little cannon in there and stuff
where you could put both of the cannons
up to shoot or whatever and obviously he
comes a little Decepticon badge too so
that's really cool also I showed you
know like i said before he does come
with like little weapons that you can
peg in to his hands now it shows in the
directions that you should put plug both
these in there I don't think that's
necessary i think just doing one on each
hand is pretty good so you can get at
least from one blaster going and i
really like it now the one cool the one
cool part of all these guys is that they
have really stiff ball joints so the
whole at pool is pretty well I mean it
would take quite a bit of force to get
one of these guys to tip over you'd have
to be like doing it yourself you know
I'm like I said this guy he's pretty
much holding true he's just rocking back
and forth on the little gap between his
foot so that's actually kind of funny
but like I said this is a construct but
Soundwave he's really nice if you
haven't seen the construct BOTS
Wheeljack review I'd recommend you guys
go take a look at wheeljack too and it's
kind of focusing in on the gun and not
put the hell put the arm down like that
yeah I would definitely pick up sound
wave or wheeljack these construct
bullets are actually really cool pick
your favorite characters up beldam can
refer them and customize them I guess
and this is gage oh say more reviews to
come stay tuned
p so we'll subset to get
you